GROUP2README

SECTIONS TO BE MARKED

__________________

Final Acceptance Test Additions

12. The administrative user must be able to start the game (at this point no 
new players or contestants can be added). At this point the administrative 
user should also enter the amount of money that each player is going to pitch 
in (for example each player might be pitching in 5 dollars or 1 dollar).

- Upon clicking Start Season (in the General Panel) you will be prompted for the bet amount

15. The administrative user must be able to add/modify/delete bonus questions 
for each round/week. Each bonus question must be 1 to 200 characters long, 
the question can be either multiple choice or short answer. The answer must 
be 1 to 200 characters. The administrative user must be able to list all the 
bonus questions in order by round/week.

- This information can be found within the "Bonus" tab.

16. The administrative user must be able to change which contestant was 
eliminated each week, incase he/she made a mistake. However the player can 
NOT change who he/she picked to eliminated one the round has passed. If the 
admin user change the contestant that was eliminated for a previous week, then 
the standings will have to be updated.

- When changing a choice, go to the contestant tab, and click open the combobox
to the left of the "set status" button. This allows you to choose (after selecting
the contestant in question within the display table) what week you'd like them to
be cast off on. If it is the current week, it proceeds as normal, but if it's a previous
week, you will be asked if you would like to continue, as it would invalidate the
game.

17. If a player forgets to pick who will be eliminated in a week, then he/she 
will be given a random contestant as his/her pick for that week (thus some weeks 
the player might get points even though he/she didn't pick anyone, if the random 
pick is the contestant who was eliminated). This also means that a player who 
drops out (stops picking altogether) might end up winning the pool.

- This is generated when there are no picks select upon clicking "advance week" within
the general tab

18. Players pick which of the 3 remaining contestants will win. If they pick 
correctly they get 40 points

- This is generated within the backend after the final week's advancement. 
This can be seen within the player tab's table, which displays player scores.

19. Every week players will say who they think will be eliminated. If the player pick 
the correct contestant who will be eliminated, they get 20 points

- See 18.

20. A player can change who they think will win the whole game at any point, then they 
get 2 points * the number of remaining contestants

- See 18.

21. Stage 2, during the last week, when there are only 3 contestants left Players pick 
which of the 3 remaining contestants will win. If they pick correctly they get 40 points

- see 18.

22. Stage 2, during the last week, when there are only 3 contestants leftPlayers get the 
points for the overall winner if they picked correctly in an early round

- see 18.

23. Stage 2, during the last week, when there are only 3 contestants leftPlayers get the 
points from each round for picking who would be eliminated

- see 18.

24. All Stages, at any point during the game: At any point during the game, players may 
answer additional bonus questions for bonus marks, for example "Who wins immunity this 
week?", or "How many people received votes during tribal counsel this week?". Each 
correct answer to each bonus question is awarded 10 points.

- see 18.

25. Assign a first place player, a second place player and third place player. The 
first place player gets 60% of the amount of money, the second place player gets 30% 
of the amount of money and the third place person gets 10% of the amount of money.

- Generated in backend upon advancing to the end of the game. This information is displayed
in the general tab upon completion of the game under the "winners" panel.

26. At any time the admin user should be able to get all the players picks for a given 
week/round. This would normally be done by writing to the internet but because of 
issues with FTP, you can read and write to the C: drive (both parts of the project will 
be tested on the same machine with the same c: drive).

- Backend of overall program.

29. This system must allow the player to: pick which contestant will be the ultimate 
winner. The player can change this at anytime but the points awarded go down.

-

30. This system must allow the player to: see which contestants are still remaining, 
which have been eliminated

-

32. This system must allow the player to: see the bonus questions

-

33. This system must allow the player to: answer the bonus questions

-

34. This system must allow the player to: during the final week, pick from 
the remaining 3 contestants, which contestants will win the whole game. 

-

35. The system should allow the player to: Upload his/her picks to the internet 
(you might choose to do this by writing to the C drive instead of uploading to 
the internet), the very first week, do NOT allow the user to upload his/her pick 
unless the user picks an overall winner.

-

36. When all the players (users) have been added by the administrative user and 
the game is about to start, the blackberry side must download all the userids to
allow the player to logon and somehow store those userids on the blackberry. There 
must also be a reset that wipes clean all the userids so that it could be reloaded 
again. This must be persistent (the user should only have to load the players once).

-

37. A user must be able to choose between three skins on the standalone portion of 
the application only (not the blackberry side). A skin is a look and feel and/or a 
theme for the interface. For example all the buttons/text/menus would have the same 
colour scheme in a particular skin. 3% of your final mark for acceptance testing 
will be based on the aesthetic appeal/creativity/originality of your skins. HINT: 
Java swing has a look and feel class to help. If you want to do some cool stuff, 
do a search on Java, "Look and Feel" for sample code. BUT LEAVE THIS TO THE END, 
make sure all the other stuff works first :-) The look and feel needs to be 
implemented for the Admin Setup part of the system (not the Blackberry part) ONLY.

-

Assignment 3

5. Up until the point that the game starts the administrative user should 
be able to change/add/delete contestants, change names, tribes, unique 
ids and pictures. The admin user should always be allowed to change the 
tribe name, even after the game has started.

- After starting a new season (File > Reset Season), click the Contestant
tab to open the Contestant section of the admin application. To add a
contestant, fill out the correct required information (first, last, id, 
picture: click the picture box and find the file),and then hit "add new". 
Since the season hasn't yet started, you are able to edit an already made 
contestant by selecting the contestant's row in the table, editing the data 
in the label boxes, and hitting "save". To start the season, go to the 
"general" tab, and hit the "start season button". Now, all the admin can 
edit is the tribe names, which was always avaliable to change at the bottom 
of the general tab, by just editing the field of your choosing and hitting 
"change tribe name".

6. The administrative user should be able to add office workers (players) 
until the game starts. Once the game starts the administrative user can 
not add or delete any more players but he/she can modify players (except 
for the userid)

- see #5, except instead of the contestant tab, its the player
tab.

10. The adminstrative user must be able to list all the contestants by 
unique id or first name, or last name or team or by elimination round/order.

- Follow the same sets as #5 to create contestants. You can sort contestants
within the table within the contestants tab by clicking the required column
header

11. The administrative user must be able to list all the players by first 
name or last name or userid or by total score so far.

- Follow the same sets as #5 to create players. You can sort players
within the table within the players tab by clicking the required column
header

12. The administrative user must be able to start the game (at this point 
no new players or contestants can be added). At this point the administrative 
user should also enter the amount of money that each player is going to pitch 
in (for example each player might be pitching in 5 dollars or 1 dollar).

- As discussed in #5, once the required amount of contestants are added, the
admin is able to start the season at the bottom of the general tab. After
pressing the "start season" button, a pop-up asks for your required weekly 
bet amount. 

13. The administrative user must be able display the standings for all 
the players (which player has which score). This could be displayed as 
an HTML web page or within the program.

- This is included in the requirements for #11.

14. The administrative user must be able to indicate for each round/week, 
who was eliminated. For testing purposes, the administrative user can do 
this at any time (they don't have to wait till the end of the week)

- when the administrator wants to cast off a contestant, they should start
the season, and select the contestant from the contestant tab table list, and
hit "cast off". To cancel a cast off, just hit cast off again while selecting
the contestant.


FOR BLACKBERRY SD CARD:
IN the simulator, click on simulate->change sd card

In the folder where the swing part was executed, a 'res' folder should exist. Click 
'Add Directory' and add the folder that contains the 'res' folder.

Hit the +harddrive button(mount selected).

Start the app.


28. This system must allow the player to: see the current standings (you 
could display this within the blackberry using tables, or you could use 
the browser to view an html page)

- after logging in, navigate to the standings screen, which will display
the standings

31. This system must allow the player to: pick which contestant he/she thinks 
will be eliminated this week/round.

- after logging in, navigate to the pick menu>weekly pick. At the top, the user can
select from the drop down menu what their selection is from the active contestants
to vote.

_______________________________________

Assignment 2

4a1 DONE

4a2 DONE

4a3 DONE 

4a4
Admin Data Persistence Example: When creating a new season in the admin side,
data such as the number of contestants is generated by the user and output to
a data flat file for usage later.
BB Data Persistence Example: The Blackberry log in screen reads input from a flat 
file userData. It takes data from the file, extracts the userIDs of all users,
 and then checks to see if the inputted log in was successful.

1. The administrative user must be able to enter the number of Survivor contestants 
this year. This number must be greater than or equal to 6 but less than or equal to 
15.
	- This is done at the Season Start screen, the data file must NOT be
	  present currently for this to show.

2. The administrative user must be able to add the names, first and last of each 
contestant, unique id for each contestant and the tribe names of each contestant. 
The first and last name must be 1-20 characters long, the unique id must be 2 
characters long, where the characters can only be numbers or letters, it must be
case insensitive. 
The tribe name must be 1-30 characters long.
	- This can be tested by navigating to the "Player" tab, then adding 
	  information and pressing Save. It is not fully implemented, and 
	  bugs exist. 
	- "Add" will add a clean player to the interface
	- "Delete" is NOT functional
	- Use "Cast Off" to cast a player off

3. The administrative user should be able to upload a picture for each user. 
(For testing purposed just use any .gif or .jpg of a head shot)
	- Simply click on the picture to add another picture. These pictures
	  have their path saved, but not their data.
	  ~ Should we be saving the data internally?

4. The last week of Survivor always has 3 contestants, so the system should calculate 
how many weeks the show will run based on the number of contestants and based on the 
fact that one person will be voted off each week until there are 3 left. 
This indicates how many rounds there will be.
	- This is done in the Season Start screen at the begining of the
	  Admin GUI start
	- Click on the spinners to change the values, the other will adjust
	  as appropriate.

7. When adding a player, the administrative user must enter Unique userid - this 
id should be the same as the western userid: first initial, last name up to 6 
character and then a number if that first initial and 1-6 characters are already used
	- This will be generated based off first name and last name
	- Currently we do not display these, but this will be implemented
	  similarly to the Contestants for showing the data

8. When adding a player, the administrative user must enter First name - 1 to 20 
letters
	- Warnings occur if smaller than 1 char, or larger than 20. 
	  The player will not be added.
	- this also works for contestants (in a cleaner, prettier fashion)

9. When adding a player, the administrative user must enter Last name - 1 to 20 
letters
	- Warnings occur if smaller than 1 char, or larger than 20. 
	  The player will not be added.

10. The adminstrative user must be able to list all the contestants by 
    unique id or first name, or last name or team or by elimination 
    round/order.
	- Add multiple contestants, click on the table headers. They will
	  sort "lowest to highest" according to lexographics or int value.

27. This system must allow the player to: enter his/her userid
	- Test by creating users/players and then entering in the desired 
	  userID, then press the log in button. Valid userIDs will reach the
	  main menu, invalid ones will have their input field cleared for
	  another log in attempt. current taken from the userData flat file. 
